dotnet nuget sign doc (#25050)
dotnet/docs: docs/core/tools/dotnet-nuget-sign.md

---
title: dotnet nuget sign command

> description: The dotnet nuget sign command signs all the packages matching the first argument with a certificate. The certificate with the private key can be obtained from a file or from a certificate installed in a certificate store by providing a subject name or a thumbprint.

Author: Thanks! Fixed.

author: heng-liu
ms.date: 07/07/2021
---
# dotnet nuget sign

> **This article applies to:** ✔️ .NET 6.0.0-preview.5 SDK and later versions

Author: Thanks! Fixed.

## Name

`dotnet nuget sign` - Signs all the NuGet packages matching the first argument with a certificate.

## Synopsis

```dotnetcli
dotnet nuget sign [<package-path(s)>]
    [-o|--output <OUTPUT DIRECTORY>]
    [--certificate-path <PATH>]
    [--certificate-store-name <STORENAME>]
    [--certificate-store-location <STORELOCATION>]
    [--certificate-subject-name <SUBJECTNAME>]
    [--certificate-fingerprint <FINGERPRINT>]
    [--certificate-password <PASSWORD>]
    [--hash-algorithm <HASHALGORITHM>]
    [--timestamper <TIMESTAMPINGSERVER>]
    [--timestamp-hash-algorithm <HASHALGORITHM>]
    [--overwrite]

>     [-v|--verbosity <LEVEL>]

Author: Thanks! Fixed.

dotnet nuget sign -h|--help
```

## Description

The `dotnet nuget sign` command signs all the packages matching the first argument with a certificate. The certificate with the private key can be obtained from a file or from a certificate installed in a certificate store by providing a subject name or a SHA-1 fingerprint.

## Arguments

- **`package-path(s)`**

>   Specifies the file path to the package(s) to be signed. Multiple position arguments can be passed in to verify multiple packages.

Author: Thanks! Fixed.

## Options

- **`-o|--output`**

  Specifies the directory where the signed package should be saved. If this option is not specified, by default the original package is overwritten by the signed package.

- **`--certificate-path <PATH>`**

  Specifies the file path to the certificate to be used in signing the package.

> > [!NOTE]
> > This command currently supports only `PKCS12 (PFX)` files that contain the certificate's private key.

Reviewer: Indentation to make it appear under the list item.

```suggestion
  > [!NOTE]
  > This command currently supports only `PKCS12 (PFX)` files that contain the certificate's private key.
```

Author: Thanks! Fixed.

- **`--certificate-store-name <STORENAME>`**

>   Specifies the name of the X.509 certificate store to use to search for the certificate. Defaults to "My", the X.509 certificate store for personal certificates. This option should be used when specifying the certificate via --certificate-subject-name or --certificate-fingerprint options.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Specifies the name of the X.509 certificate store to use to search for the certificate. Defaults to "My", the X.509 certificate store for personal certificates. This option should be used when specifying the certificate via `--certificate-subject-name` or `--certificate-fingerprint` options.
```

Reviewer: "My" may get accidentally localized, consider using no-loc.

Author: May I know if there is any example of using no-loc? Thanks! I'm not sure if I need to add a comment here.

Reviewer: @heng-liu There are two ways to specify no-loc:

1. Using metadata, which applies globally to the whole article. Example:
https://github.com/dotnet/docs/blob/4ba9a45082b3f1af761ab5bd386c13c4d3712d53/docs/core/compatibility/aspnet-core/6.0/blazor-eventargstype-property-replaced.md#L6

2. Using inline syntax, which applies to one specific occurrence of the word. Example:
https://github.com/dotnet/docs/blob/6c268f75fbd5e9de9a220de13e9ddc7fb2b568ed/includes/core-changes/aspnetcore/3.0/pubternal-apis-removed.md#L21
https://github.com/dotnet/docs/blob/c7d02a73f5736abdd00f9997ae6e64536d4f6068/docs/core/diagnostics/available-counters.md#L18-L20

Author: Thanks @Youssef1313 for the detailed info!
I added no-loc comment. Could you help check if I'm doing right?  Thanks!

Reviewer: @heng-liu The syntax looks correct. But I can't confirm on staging since it's available only to MS Employees. Tagging @tdykstra to confirm on staging.

- **`--certificate-store-location <STORELOCATION>`**

>   Specifies the name of the X.509 certificate store use to search for the certificate. Defaults to "CurrentUser", the X.509 certificate store used by the current user. This option should be used when specifying the certificate via --certificate-subject-name or --certificate-fingerprint options.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Specifies the name of the X.509 certificate store use to search for the certificate. Defaults to "CurrentUser", the X.509 certificate store used by the current user. This option should be used when specifying the certificate via `--certificate-subject-name` or `--certificate-fingerprint` options.
```

Reviewer: Same no-loc comment about CurrentUser

Author: Thanks! Could you pls point me to an example of no-loc comment? Thanks!

Author: Thanks! No-loc comment is added :)

- **`--certificate-subject-name <SUBJECTNAME>`**

>   Specifies the subject name of the certificate used to search a local certificate store for the certificate. The search is a case-insensitive string comparison using the supplied value, which will find all certificates with the subject name containing that string, regardless of other subject values. The certificate store can be specified by --certificate-store-name and --certificate-store-location options.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Specifies the subject name of the certificate used to search a local certificate store for the certificate. The search is a case-insensitive string comparison using the supplied value, which will find all certificates with the subject name containing that string, regardless of other subject values. The certificate store can be specified by `--certificate-store-name` and `--certificate-store-location` options.
```

Author: Thanks! Fixed.

> > [!NOTE]
> > This command currently supports only a single matching certificate in the result. If there are multiple matching certificates in the result, or no matching certificate in the result, the command will fail.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  > [!NOTE]
  > This command currently supports only a single matching certificate in the result. If there are multiple matching 
certificates in the result, or no matching certificate in the result, the command will fail.
```

Reviewer: "This command" refers to what? to "--certificate-subject-name"? If so, would "switch" be more suitable than "command" here?

Author: Thanks! Changed into "option".

- **`--certificate-password <PASSWORD>`**

   Specifies the certificate password, if needed. If a certificate is password protected but no password is provided, the sign command will fail.

>   > [!NOTE]
>   > The sign command currently supports only noninteractive mode, so there won't be any prompt for a password at run time.

Reviewer 2: `non-interactive` is the more common word related to shell/terminal usage.

```suggestion
  > [!NOTE]
  > The `sign` command only supports non-interactive mode. There won't be any prompt for a password.
```

Author: Thanks for reviewing!
Fixed :)

   Specifies the certificate password, if needed. If a certificate is password protected but no password is provided, the command will fail.

> > [!NOTE]
> > This command currently supports only noninteractive mode, so there won't be any prompt for a password at run time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  > [!NOTE]
  > This command currently supports only noninteractive mode, so there won't be any prompt for a password at run time.
```

Reviewer: Same comment about "command" vs "switch"

Author: Thanks! This is going to say, there is no interactivemode for the sign command. So if the certificate is password protected, but no --certificate-password option is specified, there will be no prompt for a password at run time. (This is different from NuGet.exe command so I think it should be called out)
So changed into: `The sign command currently supports only noninteractive mode, so there won't be any prompt for a password at run time.`

- **`--hash-algorithm <HASHALGORITHM>`**

   Hash algorithm to be used to sign the package. Defaults to SHA256. Possible values are SHA256, SHA384, and SHA512.

- **`--timestamper <TIMESTAMPINGSERVER>`**

   URL to an RFC 3161 timestamping server.

- **`--timestamp-hash-algorithm <HASHALGORITHM>`**

   Hash algorithm to be used by the RFC 3161 timestamp server. Defaults to SHA256.

- **`--overwrite`**

>    Switch to indicate if the current signature should be overwritten. By default the command will fail if the package already has a signature.

Author: Thanks! Fixed.

* **`-v|--verbosity <LEVEL>`**

  Sets the [MSBuild verbosity level](/visualstudio/msbuild/obtaining-build-logs-with-msbuild#verbosity-settings). Allowed values are `q[uiet]`, `m[inimal]`, `n[ormal]`, `d[etailed]`, and `diag[nostic]`. The default is `minimal`.

* **`-h|--help`**

  Prints out a short help for the command.

## Examples

> - Sign *foo.nupkg* with certificate *cert.pfx* (with no password protected):

Author: Thanks! Fixed.

  ```dotnetcli
  dotnet nuget sign foo.nupkg --certificate-path cert.pfx
  ```

> - Sign *foo.nupkg* with certificate *cert.pfx* (with password protected):

Author: Thanks! Fixed.

  ```dotnetcli
  dotnet nuget sign foo.nupkg --certificate-path cert.pfx --certificate-password password
  ```

> - Sign *foo.nupkg* with certificate(with password protected) matches with the specified SHA-1 fingerprint in the default certificate store(CurrentUser\My):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Sign *foo.nupkg* with certificate (with password protected) matches with the specified SHA-1 fingerprint in the default certificate store (CurrentUser\My):
```

Author: Thanks! Fixed.

  ```dotnetcli
  dotnet nuget sign foo.nupkg --certificate-fingerprint 89967D1DD995010B6C66AE24FF8E66885E6E03A8 --certificate-password password
  ```

> - Sign *foo.nupkg* with certificate(with password protected) matches with the specified subject name *Test certificate for testing signing* in the default certificate store(CurrentUser\My):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Sign *foo.nupkg* with certificate (with password protected) matches with the specified subject name *Test certificate for testing signing* in the default certificate store (CurrentUser\My):
```

Reviewer: "Test certificate for testing signing" should be in a no-loc.

Author: Thanks! Could you pls point me to an example of no-loc comment?

Author: Thanks! No-loc comment is added for "Test certificate for testing signing".

  ```dotnetcli
  dotnet nuget sign foo.nupkg --certificate-subject-name "Test certificate for testing signing" --certificate-password password
  ```

> - Sign *foo.nupkg* with certificate(with password protected) matches with the specified SHA-1 fingerprint in the certificate store CurrentUser\Root:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Sign *foo.nupkg* with certificate (with password protected) matches with the specified SHA-1 fingerprint in the certificate store CurrentUser\Root:
```

Author: Thanks! Fixed.

  ```dotnetcli
  dotnet nuget sign foo.nupkg --certificate-fingerprint 89967D1DD995010B6C66AE24FF8E66885E6E03A8 --certificate-password password --certificate-store-location CurrentUser --certificate-store-name Root
  ```

> - Sign multiple NuGet packages - *foo.nupkg* and *all .nupkg files in the directory specified* with certificate *cert.pfx* (with no password protected):

Author: Thanks! Fixed.

  ```dotnetcli
  dotnet nuget sign foo.nupkg c:\mydir\*.nupkg --certificate-path cert.pfx
  ```

> - Sign *foo.nupkg* with certificate *cert.pfx* (password protected), and timestamp with *http://timestamp.test*:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Sign *foo.nupkg* with certificate *cert.pfx* (password protected), and timestamp with `http://timestamp.test`:
```

> - Sign *foo.nupkg* with certificate *cert.pfx*(with password protected), and timestamp with *http://timestamp.test*:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Sign *foo.nupkg* with certificate *cert.pfx* (with password protected), and timestamp with *http://timestamp.test*:
```

Author: Thanks! Fixed.

  ```dotnetcli
  dotnet nuget sign foo.nupkg --certificate-path cert.pfx --certificate-password password --timestamper http://timestamp.test
  ```

> - Sign *foo.nupkg* with certificate *cert.pfx* (with no password protected) and save the signed package under specified directory:

Author: Thanks! Fixed.

  ```dotnetcli
  dotnet nuget sign foo.nupkg --certificate-path cert.pfx --output c:\signed\
  ```

> - Sign *foo.nupkg* with certificate *cert.pfx* (with no password protected) and overwrite the current signature if the package is already signed:

Author: Thanks! Fixed.
